Q1- what is cloud?
ANS- "The cloud" refers to servers that are accessed over the Internet, and the software and databases that run on those servers.
     Cloud servers are located in data centers all over the world. By using cloud computing, users and companies don't have to 
     manage physical servers themselves or run software applications on their own machines.

Q2- Different types of cloud?
ANS- Public clouds are the most common way of deploying cloud computing. The cloud resources (like servers and storage) are owned
     and operated by a third-party cloud service provider and delivered over the Internet. AWS is an example of a public cloud.
     With a public cloud, all hardware, software and other supporting infrastructure is owned and managed by the cloud provider.
     In a public cloud, you share the same hardware, storage and network devices with other organisations or cloud “tenants.” 
     You access services and manage your account using a web browser. Public cloud deployments are frequently used to provide 
     web-based email, online office applications, storage and testing and development environments.
 
     A private cloud consists of computing resources used exclusively by one business or organisation. The private cloud can be physically
     located at your organisation’s on-site datacenter or it can be hosted by a third-party service provider. But in a private cloud, the 
     services and infrastructure are always maintained on a private network and the hardware and software are dedicated solely to your 
     organisation. In this way, a private cloud can make it easier for an organisation to customise its resources to meet specific IT requirements. 
     Private clouds are often used by government agencies, financial institutions, any other mid- to large-size organisations with business-critical
     operations seeking enhanced control over their environment.	

     Often called “the best of both worlds,” hybrid clouds combine on-premises infrastructure, or private clouds, with public clouds so organisations
     can reap the advantages of both. In a hybrid cloud, data and applications can move between private and public clouds for greater flexibility and 
     more deployment options. For instance, you can use the public cloud for high-volume, lower-security needs such as web-based email and the private
     cloud (or other on-premises infrastructure) for sensitive, business-critical operations like financial reporting. In a hybrid cloud, “cloud bursting”
     is also an option. This is when an application or resource runs in the private cloud until there is a spike in demand (such as seasonal event like online
     shopping or tax filing), at which point the organisation can “burst through” to the public cloud to tap into additional computing resources.

Q3- what is EC2?
ANS- Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) is a web service that provides secure, resizable compute capacity in the cloud. It is designed to make
     web-scale cloud computing easier for developers. Amazon EC2’s simple web service interface allows you to obtain and configure capacity with minimal friction.
    It provides you with complete control of your computing resources and lets you run on Amazon’s proven computing environment.